Update README (#15)
Vaibhavs10/insanely-fast-whisper: README.md

| Faster Whisper (`fp16` + `beam_size [1]`) | ~9.23 (*9 min 23 sec*)            |
| Faster Whisper (`8-bit` + `beam_size [1]`) | ~8 (*8 min 15 sec*)            |

## 🆕 You can now access blazingly fast transcriptions via your terminal! ⚡️

We've added a v1 CLI to enable fast transcriptions. Here's how you can use it.

### Install dependencies

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Transcribe your audio

``bash
python transcribe.py --file_name <filename or URL>
```

> Note: The CLI is opiniated and currently only works for Nvidia GPUs. Make sure to checkout the defaults and the list of options you can play around with to maximise your transcription throughput. Run `python transcribe.py --help` to get all the CLI arguments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The CLI is opiniated and currently only works for Nvidia GPUs. Make sure to check out the defaults and the list of options you can play around with to maximise your transcription throughput. Run `python transcribe.py --help` to get all the CLI arguments. 
```
